Updated readme and added reference on how to install the theme (#125)
mitodl/mitx-theme: README.md

| [hawthorn](https://github.com/mitodl/mitx-theme/tree/hawthorn) | theme for use with the `mitx-hawthorn` release, on https://lms.mitx.mit.edu              |
| [ironwood](https://github.com/mitodl/mitx-theme/tree/ironwood) | theme for use with the `ironwood` release, on https://lms.mitx.mit.edu                   |
| [master](https://github.com/mitodl/mitx-theme/tree/master)     | currently for use with the `mitx-hawthorn` release, on https://mitx-qa-next.mitx.mit.edu |

> | [koa](https://github.com/mitodl/mitx-theme/tree/koa)           | This branch is to be used with OpenEdx koa release                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [koa](https://github.com/mitodl/mitx-theme/tree/koa)           | This branch is to be used with Open edX's koa release                                   |
```

Author: Incorporated.
